Hacking steps (#18545)
cockpit-project/cockpit: HACKING.md

 - It avoids having to install development packages on your main machine.
 - It avoids having to map the build and test dependencies to package names of various distributions.

1. Install `toolbox`
   
   - Fedora/CentOS/RHEL based distributions:

>     sudo dnf install toolbox

Reviewer: You have to indent this further to make it a code block, as the "4 indenting spaces" is relative to the parent environment (the itemization). See https://github.com/garrett/cockpit/blob/hacking-steps/HACKING.md , it looks bad that way.

Author: Yeah, that's what I thought (and I see it here). I usually use code block fencing to not have to count spaces. :sweat_smile:

 - It avoids having to install development packages on your main machine.
 - It avoids having to map the build and test dependencies to package names of various distributions.

1. Install `toolbox`

   - Fedora/CentOS/RHEL based distributions:

         sudo dnf install toolbox

   - Debian/Ubuntu based distributions:

         sudo apt install podman-toolbox

2. Create a development toolbox for Cockpit

       toolbox create --image quay.io/cockpit/tasks -c cockpit

3. Enter the toolbox:

       toolbox enter cockpit

Your home directory, user D-Bus, etc. are shared with the host, so you can
edit files as you normally would. Building and running tests happens inside the
toolbox container. If desired, you can install additional packages with
`sudo dnf install`.

> The Cockpit team occasionally refreshes the `tasks` container image. 
> To re-create your development container from the latest image, run:
>    podman pull quay.io/cockpit/tasks
>    toolbox rm cockpit
> 
> ...and then repeat steps 2 and 3 from above.

Author: ```suggestion
The Cockpit team occasionally refreshes the `tasks` container image. 
To re-create your development container from the latest image, run:

   podman pull quay.io/cockpit/tasks
   toolbox rm cockpit

...and then repeat steps 2 and 3 from above.
```

 - It avoids having to install development packages on your main machine.
 - It avoids having to map the build and test dependencies to package names of various distributions.

1. Install `toolbox`

   - Fedora/CentOS/RHEL based distributions:

         sudo dnf install toolbox

   - Debian/Ubuntu based distributions:

         sudo apt install podman-toolbox

2. Create a development toolbox for Cockpit

       toolbox create --image quay.io/cockpit/tasks -c cockpit

3. Enter the toolbox:

       toolbox enter cockpit

Your home directory, user D-Bus, etc. are shared with the host, so you can
edit files as you normally would. Building and running tests happens inside the
toolbox container. If desired, you can install additional packages with
`sudo dnf install`.

> The Cockpit team occasionally refreshes that container. To re-create yours from
> a new image, run

Author: "That" is weird. It should either refer to the specific container image (as it's talking about the local container) or at least "this" instead of "that" (however, then it's ambiguous.

Preferred solution:

```suggestion
The Cockpit team occasionally refreshes the `tasks` container image. 
To re-create your development container from the latest image, run:
```

I've also added a colon to be consistent with command prefixing that's above.

> ```sh
> podman pull quay.io/cockpit/tasks
> toolbox rm cockpit
> ```

Author: We're not using code fencing elsewhere, so perhaps we should be consistent with the indented commands here too?

 ```suggestion
    podman pull quay.io/cockpit/tasks
    toolbox rm cockpit

```

Reviewer: Fine for me -- the `sh` syntax highlighting doesn't actually make any difference.

>    podman pull quay.io/cockpit/tasks
>    toolbox rm cockpit

Author: ```suggestion
    podman pull quay.io/cockpit/tasks
    toolbox rm cockpit
```

> and then repeat steps 2 and 3 above.

Author: ```suggestion
...and then repeat steps 2 and 3 from above.
```

It's a fragment that needs to be connected to the above, so ellipsis makes sense here.

In the future, when your Cockpit container is already set up, you can skip steps 1 and 2 and just enter the toolbox container again with step 3.

### Updating your development container

To update your development environment, run `dnf upgrade -y` inside the container.

> Or create a fresh container by running `podman pull quay.io/cockpit/tasks` followed by `toolbox rm cockpit` — and then repeat steps 2 and 3 above.

Reviewer: Yes, that's good!
